3. General

a. Information Received. The Amazon Software may provide us with information about your Product, use of the Product, and use of Digital Content, other content, and the Amazon Services (such as search queries, installed applications, viewing and usage data, available memory, log files, network diagnostics, voice information, and connectivity). Manufacturers of your Product may also provide us with similar information. Information provided to Amazon may be processed in the cloud to improve your experience and our services, and may be stored on servers outside the country in which you live. We will handle any information we receive in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice. Please visit the Settings menu of your Product if you prefer to opt out of providing certain information.

b. Information Provided To Others. You are responsible for any information you provide to others, including third-party Digital Content providers. Use of information you provide to these third parties will be subject to any privacy notice or other terms that they may provide to you.

c. Changes to Amazon Services; Amendments. We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Amazon Services, or any part of them, at any time without notice. We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website. Your continued use of Amazon Services after the effective date of the revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the terms.

d. Termination. Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms. In case of such termination, Amazon may immediately revoke your access to the Amazon Services. Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.

e. Disputes. Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement, a Product, the Amazon Software, or the Amazon Services is subject to the dispute resolution, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.

f. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability. Products are developed and manufactured by third parties, and we have no responsibility or liability for any aspect of Products except the Amazon Services. Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, unless otherwise required by applicable law, in no event will our or our licensors' aggregate liability with respect to any claim arising from or related to this Agreement or your use of the Amazon Services exceed fifty dollars ($50.00).

g. Contact Information. For help with the Amazon Services, Digital Content, Amazon Software or resolving other related issues, please contact Customer Service at www.amazon.com/contact-us/.
